xbox live dotcom the website where
you will find the best offers
prepaid cards or Xbox Live Xbox
You can also earn additional money in
the page by registering hello to all and
I bring you the myth number 59 in whites 1
the zombies on the map of five and good is
a pretty special myth to say it
well since they are several parts worth is
like a little plot is worth it as
you are looking at the nova tanks
6 so you do not know it is a gas that
mortal is worth it is very important in what
which is the campaign of black ops 1 is worth
that quite referenced on
new a6 good there's a story and what
weird is finding us here in zombies
on the five map that has a lot that
see with the story is worth the fire map
you know that the characters of five
they came out also in campaign mode has
it has quite a relationship is worth what
we had not noticed that here
were these tanks worth and are
pretty important that are here worth
you already have your logic and good is
say that my cousin said
that he had found some notes
secret and that those secret notes of
shield they took to something other than good
what he was saying is that behind the
new a6 were the iluminatis vale
well what's up with these secret notes here
As you are going to see they are good, they are several
notes worth here we are in the room where
it is given to electricity as you see
here on the wall there is a poster that you can
so to speak, it is worth
quite a site on the map that is the
new a6 gas formula is worth it since
just below as you are seeing no
it looks very good you see the note of the gnome
This better jubilation already taught in
another map a while ago it now
you are going to see the future image of what
I taught was worth this was from these images
of kim or the totem is worth the same
the same gnome note joys that
it meant I do not remember it well but it was
something I do not know what to shut up
or something like that I do not remember I'll put it out there
on the screen because I do not remember the
translation and this was here do not see
totem and good as you have also seen
we have found them in five
but the curious thing does not come here the curious
it comes that now in this lectern here
that we have it in front of the nose
all this time I did not even have
fixed as you see here it returns again to
be this word is worth it is like a
indirectly so to speak, and that there is
right next to it just
we have another one of the secret notes me
I think I would say that the most important
it is the one that is below the
formula of the new a6 that if you look
well if you look good there are people
that will say it's a pyramid but not in
reality is the symbol of the Illuminati
vale is a pyramid with an eye at the end
it's good for people who do not know one the
Illuminati is a secret society and
it has a lot to do with him he is not going to
six as you are watching is very curious
that is the formula of 96 and below are
just what is the role of this
the illuminati not the symbol of the
illuminati and right next to it is the
indirectly that of not retiring but that
that does not stay the one that is shut up or something
so as I said I did not
I'll leave out there these are the notes
secrets is how you are seeing they are
these three where I was down at the
where the phone was worth the light and
say that that is very curious and that is a
myth totally true if they are
you believe you are here and if you have to see
the Illuminati with the formula of 96 or
with the 96 in the campaign or in the zombies
or whatever it is here you have an image and
nothing is simply this saying that it is a
myth totally true a myth somewhat
in special quotes and nothing I hope
that you liked it if you liked it
ride I like and favorites and see you
the next video only two to all